[WIP] Add UDOP models (#21239)
huggingface/transformers: docs/source/en/model_doc/udop.mdx

<!--Copyright 2023 The HuggingFace Team. All rights reserved.

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at

http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed under the License is distributed on
an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations under the License.
-->

> # Udop

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# UDOP
```

## Overview

> The udop models was presented in [Unifying Vision, Text, and Layout for Universal Document Processing](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2212.02623.pdf) by Zineng Tang, Ziyi Yang, Guoxin Wang, Yuwei Fang, Yang Liu, Chenguang Zhu, Michael Zeng, Cha Zhang, Mohit Bansal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The UDOP model was presented in [Unifying Vision, Text, and Layout for Universal Document Processing](https://arxiv.org/abs/2212.02623) by Zineng Tang, Ziyi Yang, Guoxin Wang, Yuwei Fang, Yang Liu, Chenguang Zhu, Michael Zeng, Cha Zhang, Mohit Bansal.
```

modalities together with varied task formats, including document understanding and generation. UDOP leverages the
spatial correlation between textual content and document image to model image, text, and layout modalities with one
uniform representation. With a novel Vision-Text-Layout Transformer, UDOP unifies pretraining and multi-domain
downstream tasks into a prompt-based sequence generation scheme. UDOP is pretrained on both large-scale unlabeled
document corpora using innovative self-supervised objectives and diverse labeled data. UDOP also learns to generate
document images from text and layout modalities via masked image reconstruction. To the best of our knowledge, this is
the first time in the field of document AI that one model simultaneously achieves high-quality neural document editing
and content customization. Our method sets the state-of-the-art on 9 Document AI tasks, e.g., document understanding
and QA, across diverse data domains like finance reports, academic papers, and websites. UDOP ranks first on the
leaderboard of the Document Understanding Benchmark (DUE).*

T5 comes in two variations :

- [udop-uni]

> - [udop-dual]

Reviewer: Links will have to be added here. Also T5 -> UDOP
